now
they are young people from the neighborhood of moya for or against another one they manifest themselves
tactics claiming better facilities to practice their
favorite sports
He pointed out that I see that the movie has certainly done no longer wants no to drugs and
to alcohol
peek there is that the young people to the maté party despite that in summer the
directors but there are not things to do by bike and it's that there are on roller skates
this is the tab of skates and bicycles in which this group of young people do
sport daily
about 30 kids between 14 and 20 years old that under a highway viaduct
principal only half of noise facilities
poor normal people help ramón holguin
currently the skate
you have some tools for the story choose so
cell that will command an exit derived me poor day
it's not so close to us as a central pair
cross will roll an ankle to the museum model
this is worth everything
the network is impossible here does not happen this skate and with the bike will bounce
and then
those metal
those bullets plus the disturbed mother
the three that fix us do not
Catholic kiko
it is clear that no
the touch that is impossible
Gonna take it high this breaks you all
I do not metais detail a golden eagle
I will fight pereira and that he will keep this stage pac
despite these accounts
Silva goes through there with water bikes moves
and all this country
we insist on the table and so that it does not remain
needs to
some also encouraged me to the bench the carts we had
united screws
disadvantageous veneers and timbers it is not surprising that the part of injuries that
the kids either particular and extensive
noted that the ankle and loving malden
because I fell and that this does not have to see the whole world
Martin
2-1 m
dump in your management
I broke my clavicle has not recovered
I did a little more to the arms and hands
Alberto is 14 years old and his clavicle is broken
the challenge of doing sport in this park is for him greater than improvising
pirouette
I'm going to king
I stayed here miami the turn marc bertrán
suddenly they are in peru
poison like that
however the payroll
We're not going to let down our guard I do not want to forget me in India Arvind Virmani
X-ray terms still now well lucentum chickens in a week
for penélope but he remembered
I will resume poor modalities but
there are many people who need more
the provocative world site the queen
nothing vicentin of rich ancash terrains explained
Your best way to win here
in addition to the poor state of these facilities, external factors are added
of the most curious
hereu has given him bad on a bicycle
it was this time
and by the middle of the highway there is a signal
the end of 2010
ica said let's go there will be opportunities and the agent that will be able to sleep here for the
night let's go let's walk around here
is the talent of its theorists then that's throwing stones
and they have supported us to have a knife was there and for himself
no longer
here nobody came
the crowded of sweeping the track
in the abandonment of maintenance but nothing more
precisely cheap to show us and also great before the award-winning and
aurelio had who the track green porn
recently we have found mortal remains and 2
the council pianos of sports of the city council of pontevedra
this way he confronts the problem that takes away the sleep of young people from moyano
thinking
a space that we know has deteriorated if we have been on top of
your table
submitted the informant the technicians want this lie to be administered
their protests marches Cantabrian white eggs to ascend s that
draft
in few those who have more to do what keeps the good streak and the
administration what you have to do is talk with you and moment
we will know this is because the merger process whatever they want and depending
of what you can
When we go down the street there are always older people who protest them
go down the street with the bike when it's for road
that of the pigs seen only three so many
- the department of the cupcake
to our ball
and what better reputation
two versions
two generations a problem to do major sport has its that they finish
going things on wheels for all those guarantees